<h2>What is packet?</h2>
<p>A small unit of data that is transmitted over the internet.</p>

<h2>What is router?<h2>
<p>A device that directs packets of data between different networks.</p>

What is IP address?
A unique identifier assigned to each device on a network, used to route data to the correct destination.

What is domain name?
A human-readable name that is used to identify a website, such as google.com

What is DNS?
The Domain Name System is resposible for translating domain names into IP addresses.

What is HTTP?
The Hypertext Transfer Protocol is used to transfer data between a client (web browser) and a server(web site).

What is difference between web browser and website?
website is a collection of web pages and web browser is used to view the website.
    
What is HTTPS?
An encrypted version of HTTP that is used to provide secure communication between a client and server.

What is SSL/TLS?
The Secure Sockets Layer and Transport Layer Security protocols are used to provide secure communication over the internet.

What is UDP?
User Datagram Protocol ensure that packets are transmitted reliably and efficiently.

What is Protocols' role in internet?
enabling communication and data exchange over the internet.

What are key concepts when building app with TCP/IP?
Port, Socket, Connection, Data trnasfer

What is Port?
Ports are used to identify the app or service running on a device.
  
What is Socket?
Socket is a combination of and IP adress and a port number, representing a specific endpoint for communication.
  
Connections
A connections is established between two sockets when two devices want to communicate with each other.
  
  

What is 
Words that I don't know
- route 경로를 정하다
- responsible for (책임이 있다 말고 다른뜻?)
- vendor 공급업체
- seamlessly 매끄럽게
- adhere 준수하다
- recipient 받는 사람
- period 미문(마침표)
- infrastructure 하부구조
- query 질문
- login credential 로그인 자격증명
- padlock 자물쇠
- 
